--- Page 1 Text ---

1.What is query_set? Ans: Query sets are used by django orm.When we use our models to get a single record or group of records from the database they are returns as a queryset.

2.What is the difference between select_retated and prefetched_related? Ans: Select_related : Return’s a queryset that will follow Foreign key relationships,selecting additional related-object data when it executes it query. Prefetch Related: We use prefetch_related when we’re need set of things. It’s use joining in python.

3.What is the difference between flask and django? Ans: Flask is a microframework primarily for small project and simple requirements. Pyramid is large application .Django is for larger applications.

4.What are the advantages/disadvantages of using Django? Ans: Django follows the DRY or Don’t repeat yourself principle which means , one concept or a piece of data should live in just one place.  What is the difference between Authentication and Authorization in Django? Ans: Authentication is the process of verifying who someone is, Where as Authorization is the process of verifying what access do you have.  What is django.shortcuts.render function do ?  --- Page 1 Image 1 OCR --- Django Offers Better CDN connectivity and Content Management Django is a Batteries Included Framework  Django Offers Rapid-development  Django is highly Scalable  Django provide high Security  --- Page 1 Image 2 OCR --- Django facilitates you to divide code modules into logical groups to make it flexible to change.  Django provides auto-generated web admin to make website administration easy.  Django provides template system to define HTML template for your web page to avoid code duplication. Django enables you to separate business logic from the HTML.  --- Page 1 Image 3 OCR --- Disadvantages of Django:  PeUeuL  Django is Monolithic. You must know the full system to work with it. Django's monolithic size makes it unsuitable for smaller projects Everything must be explicitly defined due to a lack of convention. Django's modules are bulky.  Django is completely based on Django ORM.  Components are deployed together.  --- Page 1 Image 4 OCR --- What Is Token Based Authentication System ?  A token based authentication system is a security system that authenticates the users who  attempt to log in to a server, a network, or some other secure system, using a security token provided by the server  --- Page 2 Text --- Ans: when a view function returns a web page as httpresponse instead of a simple string,we use render()  What is Django rest framework(DRF)? Ans: Django rest framework is a powerful module for building web API, DRF is especially used when we have a existing django web application and we wish to quickly generate an API for it.  --- Page 2 Image 1 OCR --- The following are the significant reasons that are making REST framework perfect choice:  Web browsable API  Serialization  Authentication policies  Extensive documentation and excellent community support. Perfect for web apps since they have low bandwidth.  ocooooo  --- Page 2 Image 2 OCR --- hat Is A Middleware In Djang  Q Middleware is something that executes between the request and response.  Q ~_Insimple words, you can say it acts as a bridge between the request and response.  Q Middleware in the Django framework is the component that operates on request and transfers it to the view and before passing it to the template engine, it starts operating on a response.  Q Django provides various built-in middleware and also allows us to write our own middleware.  --- Page 2 Image 3 OCR --- Django consists of a signal dispatcher that helps allow decoupled applications to get notified when actions occur elsewhere in the framework.  Q Django provides a set of built-in signals that basically allow senders to notify a set of receivers when some action is executed.  Q = They’re especially useful when many pieces of code may be interested in the same events.  --- Page 2 Image 4 OCR --- What Are Django Exceptions?  Django Exceptions: An exception is an abnormal event that leads to program failure. Django uses its exception classes and python exceptions as well to deal with such situations.  --- Page 3 Image 1 OCR --- Why Does Django Use Regular Expressions To  Define URLs? Is It Necessary To Use Them?  Django uses a very powerful format for storing URLs, that is regular expressions.  RegEx or regular expression is the format for sophisticated string searching algorithms. It makes the searching process faster. Although it’s not necessary to use RegEx when defining URLs.  They can be defined as normal string also, Django server should still be able to match them, but when you need to pass some data from the user via URL, then RegEx is used. The RegEx also makes much cleaner URLs then other formats.  --- Page 3 Image 2 OCR --- Some usage of Middlewares in Django is:  Session management,  Use authentication  Cross-site request forgery protection(CSRF) Content Gzipping  oooo  --- Page 3 Image 3 OCR --- oO oO oO oO OO  Sessions are fully supported in Django.  Using the session framework, you can easily store and retrieve arbitrary data based on the per-site-visitors.  This framework basically stores data on the server-side and takes care of sending and receiving cookies.  These cookies consist of a session ID but not the actual data itself unless you explicitly use a cookie-based backend.  Asession is a mechanism to store information on the server side during the interaction with the web application.  By default, session stores in the database and also allows file-based and cache based sessions.  --- Page 3 Image 4 OCR --- Explain Django Field Class And Its Types.  = ‘Field’ is basically an abstract class that actually represents a column in the database table.  4 The Field class, is in turn, a subclass of RegisterLookupMixin.  4 In Django, these fields are used to create database tables (db_type()) which are used to map Python types to the database using get_prep_value() and vice versa using from_db_value()  method. = Therefore, fields are fundamental pieces in different Django APIs such as models and querysets.  --- Page 4 Image 1 OCR --- What Are Generic Views?  a)  oo  When building a web application there are certain kind of views that we build again and again, such as a view that displays all records in the database (e.g., displaying all books in the books table), etc.  These kinds of views perform the same functions and lead to repeated code.  To solve this issue, Django uses class-based generic views.  When using generic views, all we have to do is inherit the desired class from  django.views.generic module and provide some information like model, conteyvt ohiect name etc  --- Page 4 Image 2 OCR --- hat Is Mixin  Q Mixin is a type of multiple inheritance wherein you can combine behaviors and attributes of more than one parent class.  4 Mixins provide an excellent way to reuse code from multiple classes.  Q = There are two main situations where mixins are used: to provide a lot of optional features for a class and to use one particular feature in a lot of different classes  --- Page 4 Image 3 OCR --- Explain The Caching Strategies In The Django?  Q Caching refers to the technique of storing the output results when they are processed initially so that next time when the same results are fetched again, instead of processing again those already stored results can be used, which leads to faster accessing as well us less resource utilization.  Q Django provides us with a robust cache system that is able to store dynamic web pages so that these pages don’t need to be evaluated again for each request.